Add Interactions section to readme (#813)
Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit: README.md

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

> ## Interactions

Reviewer: Change to "Reporting bugs and feature requests" please.

You can report bugs or submit feature requests in the [repository's Issues section](https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit/issues).

> Azure API Management DevOps resourceKit has limited "assited support". You can also use [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit) with the `azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit` tag.

Reviewer 2: Some nits:
```suggestion
Azure API Management DevOps resource kit has limited "assited support". You can use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit/discussions/new) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit) with the `azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit` tag.
```

I think it's good to keep the context as close to the repo as we can.

You might want to rephrase "assited support" - What does that mean? Can customers still open support tickets?

> Azure API Management DevOps resource kit has limited "assited support". You can use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit/discussions/new) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit) with the `azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit` tag.

Reviewer: "DevOps Resource Kit" - needs proper capitalization.

> We welcome and appreciate community contributions. Refer to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit#contributing) for more information.

Reviewer 2: This is not a contribution guide, we should update the README to point to https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md for detailed info

Author: Added

> We welcome and appreciate community contributions. Refer to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Reviewer: Remove this line - it's right above the contributing section.
